For some assignments, we will have a short ethics exercise. Here is
the exercise that goes with the bluescreen project.

First, please watch the 7 minute video on Canvas from the ethics
staff.

With the bluescreen code, you've seen how to manipulate images.
You can imagine using these techniques to create images to
entertain or illustrate. And you can also imagine using these
techniques to mislead.

Write a paragraph below describing two hypothetical scenarios where
you use image manipulation - one benign and one harmful.
Explain why one is ethical and one is not.
Include this text file with your homework submission.

Now imagine that your friend asks you to make him a postcard for Christmas.
He would like to take pictures of him in front of snow but due to him living in San Francisco,
there is nowhere near enough that he can go to get snow. For that reason, he asks you to take a picture of
him and then modify the background to have snow. You do so in a way where the snow is clearly digitally
generated and the picture is overlaid on the snow background. Your friend is happy as he gets his postcards
that have him near some digitally generated snow, and you are happy because you got to practice your coding skills.
This scenario provides a situation where image manipulation could be seen as benign as no parties involved are being
manipulated. Your friend knows he was not in the snow, and you know he was not in the snow so no one receiving and
viewing this postcard will think that he was actually in the snow. And even if someone did perceive your friend to
be in the snow there are no harmful consequences to this making it ethically okay to help out your friend.

Imagine that a court case is having trouble pinpointing if a suspect was at a certain location at a specific time.
The prosecution believes that without a doubt the suspect was at the location however, there is no clear-cut video or
image evidence that the suspect was there at the time. There is image evidence the suspect was on the scene at a different
time though a week before the incident. The prosecution decided that they could manipulate the image of when the suspect was
there a week prior with a back image of when the incident occurred. Since the suspect had been there before the incident
the prosecution does not feel it to be misleading as the time should not matter in such a case. This is misleading and harmful
manipulation of an image to sway others to view the suspect a certain way. This is immoral and unethical because regardless if
the suspect was there on the scene at any time there is no evidence to prove the suspect was at the scene at the specific time
the incident occurred. This falsification is highly immoral especially in a court scenario as this is the tampering of evidence
and presenting of falsified evidence. Unlike the postcard this is clearly unethical as the prosecution was attempting to
manipulate the judge and the jury to sway their opinions in favor of the prosecution.

